[UNIT] smolagents framework - release 24/2/25 (#102)
huggingface/agents-course: units/en/unit2/smolagents/tool_calling_agents.md

# Integrating Agents With Tools

> Tool Calling Agents are the second type of agent available in `smolagents`. They utilize built-in tool-calling methods and generate tool calls in JSON format. While `smolagents` primarily focuses on `CodeAgents` and recommends using them,  `ToolCallingAgents` are an extra feature for JSON specific tasks. Although `CodeAgents` are generally more versatile, `ToolCallingAgents` can be a better option in systems where tasks are simple, structured, and predictable.

Reviewer: This could be elaborated to better situate the ToolCallingAgent compared to other libraries:
```suggestion
Tool Calling Agents are the second type of agent available in `smolagents`. Rather than formulating actions as code snippets, these agents leverage the built-in tool-calling methods from LLM providers, that generate tool calls as variations of JSON blobs. This is the standard way to make agents, proposed as the default tool calling implementation by OpenAI, Anthropic, and many others.
For instance, to run a web search, instead of running, like a `CodeAgent` would, a python snippet like:
```python
for name in ["Leo Szilard", "Enrico Fermi"]:
    print(web_search(f"Who was {name}?"))
```
A `ToolCallingAgent` would create action: `{"name": "web_search", "arguments": "Who was Leo Szilard?"}`
While `smolagents` primarily focuses on `CodeAgents` and recommends using them since [they perform better overall](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.01030), `ToolCallingAgents` can work well in systems where you do not need any variable handling or complex tool calls.
```

![Code vs JSON Actions](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/transformers/code_vs_json_actions.png)  

## How Do Tool Calling Agents Work?  

This agent type follows the same multi-step workflow as `CodeAgent`. If you have any doubts, refer to the [previous section](./code_agents.md). Just like `CodeAgents`, the LLM generates and executes actions, often involving external tool calls. However, in this case, the actions are structured as JSON objects, specifying tool names and arguments as text. The system then parses these instructions to determine which tool to execute.  

## Example: Running a Tool Calling Agent  

To illustrate, let's run the same search example from the previous section, but this time using `ToolCallingAgent`. This allows us to compare their differences. Notice that we only change the agent type, while the framework handles the rest automatically:  

```python
from smolagents import ToolCallingAgent, DuckDuckGoSearchTool, HfApiModel

agent = ToolCallingAgent(tools=[DuckDuckGoSearchTool()], model=HfApiModel())

> agent.run("How many seconds would it take for a leopard at full speed to run through Pont des Arts?")

Reviewer: It could be interesting to streamline tasks across different notebooks towards solve a general problem, and make it a story in several episodes: for instance, a long-running research about famous nuclear scientists, or the search for an ice cream truck business plan?
If it's about the ice cream truck, one notebook could find the best ingredients, the other could find a good location, not too hot even in summer (leveraging astronomic calculations with a `CodeAgent`?), the other could run interest rate calculations to invest in the truck...
